Release v15.19.0 (#925)
zapier/zapier-platform: CHANGELOG.md

## 15.19.0

_released `2024-11-25`_

> For optimal performance, an optional argument has been added to [z.dehydrate](https://docs.zapier.com/platform/build-cli/overview#dehydration) to allow devs to control the caching duration on hydrators.

Reviewer: would it be worth it to add a bit more context on the default?

```suggestion
For optimal performance, an optional argument has been added to [z.dehydrate](https://docs.zapier.com/platform/build-cli/overview#dehydration) to allow devs to control the caching duration on hydrators. The default cache duration for hydrators is unchanged (5 minutes).
```

> Also, with the new `meta` field object added to the [FieldSchema](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/blob/main/packages/schema/docs/build/schema.md#fieldschema) object, devs have more flexibility storing field-specific context which may be obtained when constructing dynamic needs, and then making that context available during actual action execution in the perform method.

Reviewer: Adding "optional" working here as well? also changing the working to make it clear this is the expected behavior now, if needed

```suggestion
Also, with the new optional `meta` field object added to the [FieldSchema](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/blob/main/packages/schema/docs/build/schema.md#fieldschema) object, devs now have a supported mechanism for storing field-specific context which may be obtained when constructing dynamic needs, and then making that context available during actual action execution in the perform method.
```

Author: Updated

### cli

- :nail_care: Add support for TS on the `zapier scaffold` command ([#884](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/pull/884))

### core

- :tada: Add support for providing the cache expiration for hydrators ([#918](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/pull/918))
- :scroll: Add `timezone` and `withSearch` fields to the `bundle.meta` object ([#922](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/pull/922))
- :scroll: Update the `BeforeRequestMiddleware` typings to require `url` in the request object ([#924](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/pull/924))

### schema

- :tada: Add `meta` field support for the `FieldSchema` ([#883](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/pull/883))

### schema-to-ts

None!

### misc

- :hammer: Bump elliptic from 6.5.7 to 6.6.0 ([#911](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/pull/911))

> - :tada: Add schema-to-ts as part of yarn workspace ([#913](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/pull/913))

Reviewer: @kola-er I believe this MR (#913) is not part of 15.19.0; it was merged into the `zapier-platform-major-release-16.0.0-dev` branch (not `main`)

Author: Thanks, removed it.
